hey guys and dolls so today's video is a
dramatic green smokey eye this is kind
of a classic way to do a smokey eye
obviously there's like a brilliant
million ways to do a smokey eye but the
probably the most classic way to do it
is to do a darker color here at the
bottom and then fade it up to a lighter
color this is clearly very colorful
smokey I chose to do green because you
know st. patrick's day they went full
monty with the green nails green jewelry
even my nose ring is green tough that
you can see it's like this big but i
used some of my new shadows from mac i
also used a few things that i don't know
how easy they are to come by like this
fashion truck o palette i love this
thing so if you love highlight colors
that have kind of like them it's not do
a chrome but it's just a really strong
frost of like a bright gold pink or
whatever love it I love it love it love
it if you really really like that I
think this is definitely worth the
investment i think its twenty dollars or
something on ebay i'll go ahead put it
look a link to the seller that i bought
it from but i use this one from tarina
tarantino it's called Tokyo hardcore
this is I think discontinued it's only
ten dollars on the Sephora website and
it used to be 19 so I don't know I don't
know I haven't used this before you see
all that little glitter it's amazing
that's pretty much all i have to say
about the look i hope that you guys
enjoyed the tutorial and you'd like to
learn how to get this look just keep
watching so i'm starting this up by
using Urban Decay primer potion it's
turned around and this is just an
eyeshadow primer it prevents creasing
and makes of eyeshadows go on more
intense so today we're going to actually
work kind of like from the bottom up
this is a really dark smokey eye where
it's a little bit the deepest tone is on
the lid this is really good for people
have a prominent lid or mono LED or
anything like that because it gives you
a nice fade and it's one of the easiest
ways to do a smokey eye so I'm going to
start by applying a base shadow or based
liner all on my lashline and also tight
lining my eye
and then apply it all over the lower
part of the lid don't go all the way up
to the crease though cuz you're just
going to smudge it out I'm gonna take my
pinky finger and just smudge out the
edges of that doesn't have to be perfect
since we're putting shadow all over it
but you just want to kind of gently fade
out so applying the dark liner all over
the lid just acts as a little bit of a
base and it's going to make humid the
next shadow come out just that much
brighter thinking max humid eye shadow
and a flat shader brush like this and
I'm just going to Pat that shadow all
over the lower part of my lid and then
I'll see you in a little bit of
side-to-side motion just to make sure
it's all smooth as I'm just going to
lightly take that above where I have the
concentration the black shadow really
just taking it all over where I can feel
my eyeball right up to my socket but not
on to the socket line this next shadow
is called Tokyo hardcore by tarina
tarantino has cute little packaging here
and i'm using a blending brush from
revlon someone's going to pick up a
little bit of this shadow this shadow is
kind of interesting it's a warm
chartreuse and it has these multicolored
like teeny teeny tiny sparkles I'm gonna
take this right along the edge in these
rocking motions as i like to say
rocketing your socket or windshield
wiper whatever works for you and what
it's going to do is it's going to blend
out the dark green while applying this
in the crease and creating kind of um a
mossy kind of chartreuse I don't know
that's it makes sense in my head just
use these big windshield wiper motions
no no then if you need to pick up a
little bit of humid with the fluffy
brush just to blend the two together a
little better out here I'm going to go
back with a bit more of that chartreuse
and just take it up a little bit higher
once i get tokyo hardcore up as far as I
want it I'm just taking my blending
brush wiping off a little the color on a
towel or whatever kintel and then I'm
just going to angel kiss it with the
brush on the edge just to soften it up a
bit so the next item of business is to
highlight now I want to use something
really frosty and delicious like this
right here so i'm using my Sebastian
trucko angel face palette it was this
one where it's like all the pastel
shades that have like different
highlight effects so this one's kind of
a greenie gold anything that you have
like that will work just perfect so
start at the arch right here and I'm
going to just share the love with the
rest of the highlight area and I'm going
to kind of drag it down a bit on to
where we had Tokyo hardcore so I went
ahead and put all my foundation on and
stuff and now i'm going to tight line my
lower waterline super exciting stuff
and now to prevent the waterline liner
from traveling and ending up all over my
face I'm going to take a little bit of
black eyeshadow and just really gently
press it over it's a liner to set it so
I'm going to add a pop of green on the
lower lash line i'm going to use another
one of my Urban Decay 24-7 pencils this
one's in graffiti and what I like to do
is just kind of gently stretch right
here it's not really the best thing to
do to your eye but it's the easiest way
for me to draw my inner corner because
of the shape of my eye so just going to
place my finger on my nose and it
slightly stretches the skin I'm just
going to take that liner right up there
to the end of the shadow I'm going to
add a little bit of a humid over
graffiti and I did too much on this side
q-tips all your friends so this look is
pretty awesome as it is but I do want to
add some false lashes so these are
number 35 s there a black brown I like
that they are longer in the center here
it's going to give my eyes a more
wide-eyed effect because they're not
super heavy they're kind of sparse and
they're longer in this thing here so we
go ahead and pop them on and i'll be
right back i'm going to go ahead and
apply a little blush i'm going to use
this right here this is pink cult from
the genius collection and i'm just going
to kind of contour with it a little bit
actually draw out a following and blend
it up
and then over that I'm going to put a
little bit of this cargo blush this is
called the blu-ray high-definition
makeup I'm just putting that right there
on the apples of my cheeks to kind of
give me a little blue okay so now I need
to add some kind of a lip color hey I'm
just gonna wear money honey so this is a
dazzleglass just like lip gloss whatever
very glittery
and that's pretty much it for this
greens Wilkie I video thank you guys so
much for watching and I'll see you guys
in my next video remember to vintage or
tacky just be yourself